托福写作模板及参考答案：

2016年11月13日托福独立写作范文：

**Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? People can solve important problems in daily life on their own or with the help from families, so the help from government is not necessary.**

In a society that changes as amazingly as ours, the role played by government in our daily life **has been brought under the spotlight of mass media**. **Consequently**, the general public and sociologists are wondering whether people can solve important problems individually or with the governmental support. **Towards** such **a long running tug-of-war**, I am inclined to claim that the help from government is necessary in the process of resolving important problems, especially in the aspects of protecting environment and addressing the **disparity** of educational resources.

**In the first instance**, consider the environmental issues. **As is common sense**, the **deteriorating** natural environment is so severe and complicated that the solution of such a problem is **far beyond the reach of** any individuals or families. The serious air pollution in China is **a good case in point**. Despite the fact that people can take some actions such as wearing masks or taking the public transportation to relieve the haze occurring frequently in the major cities of China **in some degree**, the problem cannot be **radically** solved. To illustrate, the major cause responsible for the smoggy weather is nothing but the emission of waste gas such as dust and smog from an appalling number of heavy-pollution factories. In this case, it is the government that can get rid of the fundamental cause by shutting down these plants and enacting laws or regulations to restrict their production, which can’t be achieved by any individuals.

In the second instance, **the same logic goes to** the educational problems. As is known to all, many school-age children in rural and remote areas are not able to receive education in school due to the lack of educational resources. According to a survey conducted by the Education Ministry in China in 2015, approximately 3 million kids in the Southwest of China didn’t have the chance to get educated on account of lacking in tables, textbooks and even spacious classrooms. **When confronted with** the issue mentioned above, what individuals or families can do is quite limited. Undoubtedly, only the government has the adequate financial resources and power to allocate educational resources to those places. For example, the government of China builds nearly 10,000 primary schools called Hope School in the distant places, which **alleviates** the disparity in educational resources between different regions to a large extent.

Judging from what has been discussed above, we can draw the conclusion that although the ability of individual or families is becoming stronger and greater than before, the help from government is of great necessity **in the course of** solving significant problems, especially those in the areas of education and environment.(438words)

---

**Taking a panoramic picture of the entire human history**, what role should government play **has caused incessant debates among scholars, politicians, and even common people on the streets**. Some argue that we should get rid of any form of government and spare the government **red tape**, thus stop bureaucrats from wasting our hard earned tax dollar, while others believe that government can maintain stability of the community, provide social welfare and prevent **unlawful** conducts by **leveraging** the **judicial** branch. I, personally, am in favor of the latter view, meaning that citizens do need help from the government based on the following reasons.

**First off**, government has the means to leverage billions of dollars and invest in infrastructures, education, and social welfare, which is beyond the power of any individuals or institutions. Think about it, the transportation that we rely on **commuting from home to work**, like the subway, bus, and trains need multi millions dollar to construct and maintain. The train runs through lots of states and provinces, the highway covers **a large expanse** **encompassing** different regions, and a few individuals cannot make a good decision, and it should be only possible by overall decision made by the central government. An individual or family cannot balance the interests of all the people involved. Plus, education is also another important area, in which government should play its role. Generally, the tuition of private schools are far more costly the that of the public ones, and if there are only private school, how could the kids from these underprivileged families get proper educations. So, it is obvious that we rely on government in these aspects.

Additionally, people depend on government to resist foreign invasions and provide shelter in face of catastrophic natural disasters. For example, currently, Muslim extremists organization ISIS waged a few terrorist attack in major cities around the world, which incurred numerous **casualties** and **colossal** economics loss. A few countries have decided to deploy military to fight ISIS, and such costly project cannot be made possible by just a few individual, in fact, it takes officers, intelligence personnel and staff members to work together to win the war, which cannot be gathered together without the government. **The same is true for** natural disasters. For example, a magnitude 8.0 earthquake hit Nepal in the first half of this years, thousands of people were left homeless since the quake destroyed basically all the housing complex and apartments. It was the government and other institutions who provide temporary camp, medication and food to these victims who were **traumatized** both physically and mentally. Also, these timely assistance and monetary donation would not be possible without the arrangements made by the government.

All in all, with the above careful analysis, government is indispensable for the **livelihood** and well-being of the people since it can provide infrastructure, education and social welfare to the people, and protect citizens when emergencies happen, like wars and natural disasters. Indeed, people do need government in lots of aspects. (Words 498 )

---

